Calculate the vsQueueLen based on the Cluster state. (#972)
F5Networks/k8s-bigip-ctlr: docs/RELEASE-NOTES.rst

Bug Fixes
`````````
* Controller handles http redirects without entering into an infinite loop.

> * Controller deletes services and recreates them during controller pod restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :issues:`810` Controller does not delete resources in BIG-IP and recreates during controller pod restart.
```
